CHANGELOG: add release notes for v2.1.6 (#9747)
pingcap/tidb: CHANGELOG.md

# TiDB Changelog
All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file. See also [Release Notes](https://github.com/pingcap/docs/blob/master/releases/rn.md), [TiKV Changelog](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md) and [PD Changelog](https://github.com/pingcap/pd/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md).

## [2.1.6] 2019-03-15

### SQL Optimizer/Executor
* Optimize planner to select the outer table based on cost when both tables are specified in Hint of `TIDB_INLJ` [#9615](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/pull/9615)

> * Fix the issue when IndexScan cannot be selected correctly in some cases

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix the issue when `IndexScan` cannot be selected correctly in some cases
```

> * Fix the issue when `IndexScan` cannot be selected correctly in some cases

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix the issue that `IndexScan` cannot be selected correctly in some cases
```

[#9587](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/pull/9587)

> * Fix incompatibility with MySQL of check in the `agg` function in subqueries  [#9551](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/pull/9551)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Fix incompatibility with MySQL of check in the `agg` function in subqueries [#9551](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/pull/9551)
```

> * Fix the issue when `show stats_histogram` only outputs valid columns to avoid kernel panics

Reviewer 2: merge together with the next line?

> * Fix the issue when `show stats_histogram` only outputs valid columns to avoid kernel panics

Reviewer: Make `show stats_histograms` only output valid columns to avoid panics

 [#9502](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/pull/9502)
### Server

> * Support variable `log_bin` to enable/disable Binlog [#9634](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/pull/9634)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Support the `log_bin` variable to enable/disable Binlog [#9634](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/pull/9634)
```

* Add a sanity check for transactions to avoid false transaction commit [#9559](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/pull/9559)

> * Fix the issue when setting a variable with control characters causes a kernel panic [#9539](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/pull/9539)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix the issue that setting variables may lead to panic [#9539](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/pull/9539)
```

> * Fix the issue when setting a variable with control characters causes a kernel panic  [#9539 ](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/pull/9539)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Fix the issue when setting a variable with control characters causes a kernel panic  [#9539](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/pull/9539)
```

> * Fix the issue when setting a variable with control characters causes a kernel panic  [#9539 ](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/pull/9539)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Fix the issue when setting a variable with control characters causes a kernel panic [#9539](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/pull/9539)
```

> * Fix the issue when setting a variable with control characters causes a kernel panic  [#9539 ](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/pull/9539)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix the issue that setting a variable using control characters may lead to panic  [#9539 ](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/pull/9539)
```

### DDL

> * Fix the issue that the `Create Table Like` statement  causes panic in some cases [#9652](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/pull/9652)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix the issue that the `Create Table Like` statement causes panic in some cases [#9652](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/pull/9652)
```

> * Fix the issue when the `Create Table Like` statement causes a panic issue [#9652](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/pull/9652)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix the issue that the `Create Table Like` statement  causes panic in some cases [#9652](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/pull/9652)
```

> * Fix the issue when the `Create Table Like` statement causes a panic issue [#9652](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/pull/9652)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix the issue that the `Create Table Like` statement  causes panic in some cases [#9652](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/pull/9652)
```

> * Fix the issue when the `Create Table Like` statement causes a panic issue  [#9652](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/pull/9652)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Fix the issue when the `Create Table Like` statement causes a panic issue [#9652](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/pull/9652)
```

> * Fix the issue when the `Create Table Like` statement causes a panic issue  [#9652](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/pull/9652)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix the issue that the `Create Table Like` statement in some cases causes panic  [#9652](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/pull/9652)
```

> * Enable AutoSync for etcd clients to avoid connection issues between TiDB and etcd in some cases [#9600](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/pull/9600)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Enable the `AutoSync` feature of etcd clients to avoid connection issues between TiDB and etcd in some cases [#9600](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/pull/9600)
```

> * Enable AutoSync for etcd clients to avoid connection issues between TiDB and etcd in some cases [#9600](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/pull/9600)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Enable the `AutoSync` feature of etcd clients to avoid connection issues between TiDB and etcd in some cases [#9600](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/pull/9600)
```
